Welcome back!
As a security analyst,
your job isn't just
keeping organizations safe.
Your role is much
more important.
You're also helping
to keep people safe.
Breaches that affect
customers', vendors',
and employees' data can
cause significant damage to
people's financial stability
and their reputations.
As an analyst, your
day-to-day work
will help keep people
and organizations safe.
In this section of the course,
we'll discuss security
frameworks, controls,
and design principles in more
detail, and how they can be
applied to security
audits to help
protect organizations
and people.
Keeping customer
information confidential is
a crucial part of my
daily work at Google.
The NIST Cybersecurity Framework
plays a large part in this.
The framework ensures the
protection and compliance of
customer tools and
personal work devices
through the use of
security controls.
Welcome to the world of security
frameworks and controls.
Let's get started!